for it the again here reporting me with a new video what indo this time
I will tell you some legends and japan
for this will help me my dearest little friend walks
willy thank you for inviting me winter wench I'll try to turn the
games up to the head the audience to take care of full fear
xd well then let's start the first legend I'll tell you that I'll be the one
the lamps tells the legend that these beings with strange and disgusting appearance
suffer from hunger and thirst and when they find any food in front of
they caputo
disappears are two of them with too much desire to eat so if you
you find one of these conculca your ass because they could start curtain
from a single couturier at the age of 72
damn son of thousand p respectively
already leave it and continue with the next legend walk good but yes it is not
I have part min
the company lick me what merkel
now he continued with the legend of
this ghost is said that when it is day walks through the streets of japan
as an ordinary being
but when it starts to be at night it becomes someone who can inspire
his neck like vipers some people say that it is a creature that is in
looking for men to feed and steal your energy
so you know they're not having a pleasant night with someone that neither
they know because it could be wall
shit then all these days I've been doing
well no matter we continue with the next legend of gucci sacked
who takes out the cuchi for his fight, good guy, it is said that this service in
lips to Saturday until the ears yes just like the joker always goes
walking down the street asking the person to come
is that if there is a data
and if you answer him not so go straight to the fuck she takes off her
mask and it shows you only the users and that said work
After letting her lips like her so that it prevents her from cutting
your lips you have to repeat the word formed three times since the smell of that
it loads too much, I never thought that someone like her could be
illicit
not so are not bothering that I'm going with my next legend today in the
Kanak is the name of a ghost that live in the toilets of the school and
feel to load low nature this ghost will become sad and tiara of your
life a codirection still knows how cute
you're not cute you look like a fart dwelling but what the fuck
move away scissors michael
or for god saints
well I think with this I end this first part now
I'll take a walk hospital see you
for low speed